EWPP-1983: Replace date range fields on event content type with date … (#516)
openeuropa/oe_content: modules/oe_content_event/README.md

plugin that allows to filter Event link lists based on their start and end dates.
To ensure proper cacheability, this plugin depends on the `openeuropa/oe_time_caching` component so make sure you
require it in your composer.json file.

## Event daterange fields replacement to daterange_timezone from version 3.x

> As of 3.x the field type of the following fields ahs been changed to daterange_timezone in order to support timezones:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As of 3.x the field type of the following fields has been changed to daterange_timezone in order to support arbitrary timezones:
```

  - oe_event_dates
  - oe_event_online_dates
  - oe_event_registration_dates

This change has been carried out via a helper class called `EventDateRangeFieldTypeChanger` where we directly execute

> the necessary MySQL commands to ensure seamless performant change in the background by maintaining the same machine-names.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the necessary MySQL queries to ensure seamless performant change in the background by maintaining the same machine names.
```

Reviewer 2: he necessary database queries to ensure seamless performant change in the background by maintaining the same machine names.
